[Music]
hey kids what time is it it's Howdy
Doody time now it's really time to check
that big brain of yours to see if you
can get through these brain twisting
riddles and keep track of how many you
get right your results oh wait at the
end one a tough choice you're sailing
around the world when you get caught in
a terrible storm as your boat is
fighting the huge waves and gale force
winds you suddenly hit your head against
the mast and lose consciousness when you
come around you find yourself on a beach
surrounded by angry locals they can't
decide what to do with you so they give
you three options they can send you to a
cave filled with tarantulas throw you in
a pit full of yellow scorpions or hand
you over to hungry ferocious lions you
have only ten seconds to choose the
option that will let you survive
[Music]
opt for the tarantulas they're mostly
harmless to humans to a desert island
David and Hannah got stranded on a tiny
uninhabited island they had no radio or
cell phones so they couldn't inform
rescuers about their dire situation
there were no trees on the island so
they couldn't make a smoke signal
suddenly Hannah noticed a plane circling
the sky in search of them unfortunately
it was flying too high and the pilot
couldn't notice them that's when she got
a bright idea soon after the plane
picked them up in no time what was
Hannah's idea to use rocks to spell out
SOS on the sand number three
lost in the jungle one sunny morning a
traveler is wandering through the jungle
all of a sudden the path he's taking
splits up into three smaller roads one
leads to a dangerous Marsh that swallows
anything and anyone who steps foot there
the second leads to vampire hunting
grounds and the third path will bring
the traveler to an active volcano filled
with red-hot lava which road is the
safest you're ten seconds start now
the traveler should take the second path
even if vampires do exist they won't
show up in the daylight of this sunny
morning for a missing element which
element isn't on the periodic table
here's a hint they use it all the time
in movies it's the element of surprise
I give me some plutonium 5 a dangerous
show you agreed to take part in a
reality show but it turned out to be a
trap from a crazed lunatic he tells you
to dive into one of four tanks
the first one is swimming with venomous
snakes
the second is filled with corrosive acid
electric eels are swimming in the third
one and the fourth tank is filled with
bacteria infested water in which tank
will you have more chances to survive
[Music]
choose the tank with a bacteria first of
all not all bacteria are harmful and
secondly not all bacteria are contagious
six locked in the dark
Mike was studying for a big test in the
school library it was already late when
he finished up as he was walking along
the dark school halls he heard someone
shouting for help
the voice was coming from behind a
locked classroom Mike rushed there and
managed to open the door inside there
was his classmate John he told Mike that
he had gone to grab a bite in the
cafeteria only to find it was closed
that day suddenly someone hit him on the
head and the next thing he knew he was
locked in the classroom
Mike promised to find out who had done
this by morning Mike had four suspects
in mind when school started he
interrogated them Matthew told him he
had been doing his homework in a
classroom Emily said that she had been
with Matthew but later she'd gone home
Olivia claimed that she had been having
lunch in the cafeteria and Chris
explained that he had been sick that day
it took Mike no time to figure out who
was guilty
it was Olivia she couldn't have been
eating lunch in the cafeteria because it
was closed that day number seven
think fast you're kidnapped and locked
in a room with an explosive that will
detonate in three minutes you can escape
through one of three doors but behind
each of them danger awaits duh of course
the first door hides a monster a huge
fire is raging behind the second and if
you open the third door a toxic gas will
fill your lungs what's your choice hurry
you only have ten seconds left
[Music]
open the door with the monster and throw
the explosive inside after it goes off
escape through this door number eight an
elevator crash if you find yourself in a
falling elevator what should you do jump
at the moment of impact or drop to the
floor and cover your head
there's no way you'll be able to time
your jump perfectly so you should
immediately fall to the floor and
protect your head with your arms 9 a
blackout after a powerful earthquake
there's a blackout in your town some bad
guys take advantage of the darkness to
kidnap you for ransom how coincidental
the building where you're kept has 3
doors you can use to escape but the
first door hides a trap that will crush
you as soon as you enter behind the
second door there are electric chainsaws
that can cut you to pieces in no time
and a flesh-eating acid is bubbling
behind the third door you have just 10
seconds to make your final choice
the chainsaws won't harm you because
there's no electricity in the town
remember number ten hit and run a woman
was hit by a car that sped away right
after the accident luckily there were
several witnesses who could describe the
car the investigating detective headed
to the house of one of the suspects
there he saw a car that resembled the
one in the description but when he
interrogated the owner the man claimed
he hadn't left his house all day
the detective figured out the suspect
was lying right away how the detective
touched the hood of the car
and realized it was still hot from the
engine 11 trapped in a castle you find
yourself trapped in a medieval castle
far away from civilization boy you're on
a bad vacation you can't jump out of the
window because it's too high above the
ground the only tree growing near the
window doesn't look sturdy enough for
you to climb down however guess what
there are three doors one of which can
lead you to freedom but behind the first
door there's a fierce fire the second
door holds back hundreds of venomous
snakes and behind the third door there's
a pitch-dark maze filled with animal
traps which door should you choose
[Music]
the third you'll just need to break off
a tree branch turn it into a torch by
lighting it in the first room and go
through the maze it won't be dark now 12
a fall or poison in which situation do
you have more chances to survive if
you're falling from a 10 story building
or if you get surrounded by mean-looking
snakes you're 10 seconds are taking the
snakes you've encountered might not be
venomous and won't cause you any harm
but when you're falling from that kind
of a height well it's just not your day
13 reading in the dark mark got a new
book for his birthday the plot was so
exciting that he couldn't stop and kept
reading the story until late at night at
midnight his mom switched off the light
in his room and told him to go to sleep
but Mark continued reading even though
it was pitch dark how is that possible
[Music]
mark was blind and was reading a book
written in Braille those of you who said
he was reading an illuminated ebook are
creative but sorry no points 14 a famous
pirate Captain Jack was an infamous and
feared pirate who'd robbed thousands of
ships with the help of one simple trick
it allowed him to approach any ship from
any country easily and closely enough to
port it without any problems what was
his secret
[Music]
Captain Jack had a collection of flags
from different countries instead of
using the feared Jolly Roger Black Flag
he raised the flag of the same country
the ship was from and it got him
immediate access 15 what am i ice melts
when you heat it up but if you heat me I
solidify you have 10 seconds to figure
out what I am I'm an egg and now to the
most exciting part your results if you
manage to solve 0 to 3 riddles uh-oh
looks like we've got some work to do you
should probably practice more so that
your mind doesn't get too rusty 6 to 10
riddles not bad but I'm sure you can do
better riddles in the morning riddles
before bed and you'll amaze your friends
with your razor-sharp thinking
11 to 15 riddles whoa are you a mega
brain you must have been solving riddles
since you were born way to go
so which riddle was the hardest for you
let me know down in the comments if you
learned something new today then give
this video a like and share it with a
friend but hey don't go solving more
riddles just yet
we have over 2,000 cool videos for you
to check out all you have to do is click
on this left or right video and enjoy
stay on the bright side of life